README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <p align="center">
    <img style="width:300px" src="https://github.com/Xutaotaotao/electron-prokit/blob/main/docs/public/logo.svg" alt="logo">
  </p>
  <h1>Electron Prokit</h1>
  <p>A desktop app framework based on Electron,develop desktop applications like a pro! </p>

  ![github workflow](https://github.com/Xutaotaotao/electron-prokit/actions/workflows/release.yml/badge.svg) ![npm downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/electron-prokit) ![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/electron-prokit) ![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/Xutaotaotao/electron-prokit?color=%232dce89&logo=github&style=flat-square)
</div>

English | [简体中文](./README_ZH.md)


## ✨ Features

- **⚙️ CLI Tools**: Quickly get started with scaffolding tools, scaffolding built-in React and Vue - two front-end frameworks for Electron applications.

- **🛡 Enhanced Development**: Develop with TypeScript, provide complete type definition files.

- **📦 Best Practices**: Provide best practices for extensible and maintainable Electron applications.

- **🎨 Abundant APIs**: Process communication, window management, network requests, cross-language invocation, task management, database management...


## 👜 Packages

|Package|npm version|npm downloads|
| :-: | :-: | :-: |
| [electron-prokit](packages/electron-prokit) | ![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/electron-prokit) | ![npm downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/electron-prokit) |
| [@electron-prokit/cli](packages/cli) | ![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@electron-prokit/cli) | ![npm downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/@electron-prokit/cli) |
| [@electron-prokit/create-service](packages/create-service)| ![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@electron-prokit/create-service) | ![npm downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/@electron-prokit/create-service) |


## 🔧 Using a Scaffold

You can quickly create a project using a scaffold, which integrates with the electron-prokit ecosystem.

**Installing the Scaffold**


```bash
npm i @electron-prokit/cli -g
```

**Creating a Project**


```bash
electron-prokit-cli init project
```

In the command above, replace `project` with the name of your project.

After init, install dependencies and run dev

```bash

cd project && yarn install

yarn run dev

```

## 📦 Install Individually

Using NPM:

```bash
npm i electron-prokit
```

Using Yarn:

```bash
yarn i electron-prokit
```

## 📖 Documents

<a href="https://xutaotaotao.github.io/electron-prokit" target="_blank">Homepage</a>

<a href="https://xutaotaotao.github.io/electron-prokit/api" target="_blank">API</a>

<a href="https://xutaotaotao.github.io/electron-prokit/plugin" target="_blank">Plugins</a>

<a href="https://xutaotaotao.github.io/electron-prokit/tutorials" target="_blank">Tutorials</a>

## ⌨️ Playground

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Xutaotaotao/electron-prokit.git

pnpm i 

pnpm run dev

```


## 👥 Stargazers
[![Stargazers repo roster for electron-prokit](https://reporoster.com/stars/Xutaotaotao/electron-prokit)](https://github.com/Xutaotaotao/electron-prokit/stargazers)

Commit message:

docs: change create-electron-prokit doc

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <p align="center">
    <img style="width:300px" src="https://github.com/Xutaotaotao/electron-prokit/blob/main/docs/public/logo.svg" alt="logo">
  </p>
  <h1>Electron Prokit</h1>
  <p>A desktop app framework based on Electron,develop desktop applications like a pro! </p>

  ![github workflow](https://github.com/Xutaotaotao/electron-prokit/actions/workflows/release.yml/badge.svg) ![npm downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/electron-prokit) ![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/electron-prokit) ![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/Xutaotaotao/electron-prokit?color=%232dce89&logo=github&style=flat-square)
</div>

English | [简体中文](./README_ZH.md)


## ✨ Features

- **⚙️ CLI Tools**: Quickly get started with scaffolding tools, scaffolding built-in React and Vue - two front-end frameworks for Electron applications.

- **🛡 Enhanced Development**: Develop with TypeScript, provide complete type definition files.

- **📦 Best Practices**: Provide best practices for extensible and maintainable Electron applications.

- **🎨 Abundant APIs**: Process communication, window management, network requests, cross-language invocation, task management, database management...


## 👜 Packages

|Package|npm version|npm downloads|
| :-: | :-: | :-: |
| [electron-prokit](packages/electron-prokit) | ![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/electron-prokit) | ![npm downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/electron-prokit) |
| [create-electron-prokit](packages/create-electron-prokit) | ![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/create-electron-prokit) | ![npm downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/create-electron-prokit) |
| [@electron-prokit/create-service](packages/create-service)| ![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@electron-prokit/create-service) | ![npm downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/@electron-prokit/create-service) |


## 🔧 Using a Scaffold

You can quickly create a project using a scaffold, which integrates with the electron-prokit ecosystem.


Use NPM:

```bash
npm create electron-prokit myapp
```

Use Yarn:

```bash
yarn create electron-prokit myapp
```

In the command above, replace `myapp` with the name of your project.


## 📖 Documents

<a href="https://xutaotaotao.github.io/electron-prokit" target="_blank">Homepage</a>

<a href="https://xutaotaotao.github.io/electron-prokit/api" target="_blank">API</a>

<a href="https://xutaotaotao.github.io/electron-prokit/plugin" target="_blank">Plugins</a>

<a href="https://xutaotaotao.github.io/electron-prokit/tutorials" target="_blank">Tutorials</a>

## ⌨️ Playground

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Xutaotaotao/electron-prokit.git

pnpm i 

pnpm run dev

```


## 👥 Stargazers
[![Stargazers repo roster for electron-prokit](https://reporoster.com/stars/Xutaotaotao/electron-prokit)](https://github.com/Xutaotaotao/electron-prokit/stargazers)
